Master Xiao Yinfeng
You still have the face to come back
Ancestor died because of you
This person has everything to do with the route of the devil world
The demon woman and demon come to scourge my Tianyuanmen
That's for all to see.
Ancestor Tianyuan was killed by the Demon Lord
Ask the elder to check the elder Lingnian beside you
That's the real judgment.
Elder
Based on the position of the head
Next big thing
I'm afraid it's the head
I'll go back to Tianyuanmen to stop him Xiaoyin Feng
Although I hate you
But there is one thing I have to tell you
I stole this from the Allied room
Soothe the soul with the one you love
This is to keep out the cold.
I understand that keeping out the cold used to be the three realms
The only person who can suppress the bitterness of God
The devil keeps his soul
Is to resurrect him one day
So that he can master the suffering of God
Help me take care of the daffodils
Keep out the cold and let me finish this
I will find a way to get you into the palace
Elder Ling Nian kills the hunter
Take refuge in the devil's world
Do so
What face can be called an elder?
Shut up and end Tianyuan Temple
Trapped Xiaoying Peak and threw it away
For such a traitor
How can I tolerate Tianyuanmen?
Come to heist
Come on, what are your ears?
Windward can't be a traitor
Hmph, you are a simp junior brother
Still can't move
What to move to connect to Tianyuan Four Elephant Array
Elder, he must have a reason
The death of the ancestor and the patrol hunter was released by Xiaoyu
Today I will have an explanation to the whole faction
Master can't stop me this time
You have injuries
Don't worry about me
Now the bones in you have awakened
The itch is difficult to control
Do not commit murder
Master, don't worry.
I have my own measure
Three knives are about to return the crime
Someone who will get along with the power of grinding away
As a result, this kid Jiang Xiu was sealed and trapped in the formation
I'm just going to be tried in prison later
Can't fix me anymore
Let me help
not good
He wants Ying Feng and Tianyuanmen to kill each other
Make your own fool's power hum